Instructions for playing Twig's In Space

The game is designed to be played as an old-style video game as in the '80s.
As such, you will need to insert quarters to play, and press the start button 
in order to begin the game.  As with other games of the era, instructions 
regarding the joystick do not appear on the screen, but a simple teaser loop 
does.  

For those of you using a standard keyboard, the following are the default 
keymaps

5 - Insert coin (MAME standard)
1 - Player 1 start (MAME standard)
Left Arrow - Rotate left (ship or high score letters)
Right Arrow - Rotate right (ship or high score letters)
Up Arrow - Fire thrusters 
Space Bar - Fire cannon (or lock in a high score letter)
P - Pause/ Unpause game (MAME standard)
F11 - Fullscreen/Windowed toggle (industry standard)
ESC - Exit (MAME standard)

All the functions can be mapped to different keys by modifying the file 
tis.conf.  The numbers correspond to SDL_keysysms (see libsdl.org).  Also in 
the file, you can specify whether to start in fullscreen or windowed mode.

The hi-scores are stored in the file hiscore.dat.  The hiscores are re-saved 
to the file when the game exits normally.  If the file does not exist at 
startup, the game will initialize itself with a set of highscore data.


Instructions for Installation

Not much.

A Makefile is provided for systems that can use make.  Basically all you need
is:

	SDL
	SDL_image
	SDL_mixer

If the librarys for these files are in the usual places, then you should be 
able to just type 'make'.  If you want to install the executable someplace, 
you will need to copy it there yourself.  Note that the audio files, config
file and hiscore files are coded relative to where the program is run.  If you
are going to install it somewhere else, you will need to change those 
locations.



Note to users of Cygwin/MingW:

	Due to problems producing the SDL .dll files in recent versions of 
Cygwin/MingW, it is strongly recommended that you get the libsdl versions for
all three librarys (SDL.dll, SDL_image, SDL_mixer) from libsdl.org 
_regardless_ of whether they compile on your computer (some do not even 
compile).  The versions produced by Cygwin/MingW can be significantly slower
and give extremely poor performance.  For instance, the sound will lag behind
the action by about 1/4 second unless you are using SDL_mixer.dll _AND_
SDL.dll from libsdl.org.


Questions / Comments / Etc:

elschemm @ furball.schemm.lssu.edu
