JETPAC- The Return
version 0.2.5
Author: 	James Blewitt
Email address:	james.blewitt@ukonline.co.uk
Web address:	web.ukonline.co.uk/james.blewitt/jetpac.html

CONTENTS:
	1.0 - General info
	1.1 - About the game
	1.2 - About the author
	1.3 - Contributing authors
	2.0 - Updates since the last version
	3.0 - Bugs/Known problems
	4.0 - Getting the source code
	5.0 - Misc


1.0 - General info:

1.1 - About the game:

This is a remake of the classic game Jetpac that came out for the spectrum all
those years ago.  It is called "Jetpac The Return".  The aim of the game will be to collect rocket parts and
assemble your rocket, collect and drop fuel into the rocket before taking off. 
The player was hindered by all sorts of baddies such as asteroids and monsters.
The remake is still in the early stages, but it certainly playable.  This
project was written in C++ and uses the excellent SDL.  It is however still very
much in the development phase.  Please keep this in mind as you play the game.

To control the game use the arrow keys.  I think that their use should be fairly
straight forward.  TAB fires the laser and SPACE quits.

Additionally '9' will switch into fullscreen mode and '0' will return to
windowed mode.

These controls are for use in the development of the game and are probably not
ideal.  Any suggestions are welcome.

1.2 - About the author:

My name is James Blewitt.  I am a second year undergraduate student at The University of
York.  I have a keen interest in programming and have been designing and
programming games since I had my first computer (a ZX Spectrum).  I wanted to
try out SDL since I was only introduced to it a short while ago and it was the
perfect opportunity to have a go writing an simple arcade game.
Currently there are very few decent arcade games for the Linux operating system.
Although this situation is slowly being rectified I wanted to contribute.
Here is my current contribution "Jetpac The Return".  Hopefully this project
shouldn't take too long and I hope that atleast a few people manage to derive 
some entertainment from it, especially fans of the original game!

1.3 - Contributing Authors

Nick Glass made modifications to the code so that it would work under Windows
and implemented an install function in the makefile. 
Those modifications are present in this version.

2.0 - Updates

See the StuffDone file.

3.0 - Bugs/Known problems:

If player takes off from a platform it sometimes leaves a little thin black line
behind.  This is a little screen corruption, although is barely noticable it
irritates me and will be fixed ASAP.


4.0 - Getting the source code:

The source code is now available under the GPL.  You used it to compile this
game.  I know that the code is not the best in the world, but I would welcome
suggestions.


5.0 - Miscelaneous:

This project may look fairly straight forward, but there are over 1.5 thousand
lines of code and only one programmer.  The project is moving forward, but it is
hard work.  It you think that this game is good, or has potential then let me
know.  Also, I know that the original game had quite a good fan base.  Please
let me know if there are any features that you want to see implemented.
Contact information is at the top of the page.

Enjoy...
