maze_rays v1.1, written by Sean McKean

Description:
    Run through a randomly-generated maze with mouse and keyboard,
    making use of a top-down map and a first-person perspective.
    Features a simple ray-caster engine.

Requirements:
    SDL             http://www.libsdl.org/download-1.2.php
    SDL_ttf         http://www.libsdl.org/projects/SDL_ttf

Build instructions:
    Type  make  at a suitable terminal in the main directory to build
    the executable.

To run:
    Under Linux, type  ./maze-rays  at a terminal to run.
    Under Windows, run maze-rays.exe .

Controls:
    On the command-line, include argument "-gw WIDTH" to change the
    video width, and "-gh HEIGHT" to change the height. The video width
    and height are both set independently to a minimum of 320 and 240,
    respectively. Option "-bpp BPP" sets the bits-per-pixel of the
    opened display. If not set, then the default desktop bit-depth will
    be obtained. Include argument "-mw WIDTH" to change the maze width
    to integer WIDTH. The same holds for maze height: "-mh HEIGHT". Take
    care that both the maze width and height are >= 3 and that they are
    odd numbers, otherwise the program will throw an error. Option "-md
    MAX_DISTANCE" sets the maximum distance from the start to the end
    gate to MAX_DISTANCE, which must be a value of 4 or higher. Option
    "-f", or "--fullscreen", sets the display to (guess...) fullscreen.
    Option "-vm" or "--view-whole-map" causes the program to display the
    whole maze in the map at program start. By default the unseen rooms
    in the maze will be hidden. Option "-si" or "--skip-intro" bypasses
    the introduction screen. Finally, "-h" or "--help" displays a short
    statement on command-line usage.

    In the game, the mouse position affects the player direction in the
    maze. To move forward, press the left mouse button. To move
    backward, press both the left and right mouse buttons
    simultaneously. The arrow keys also work as expected.

    To switch to and from fullscreen-map mode, either tap the right
    mouse button or press tab. From the fullscreen map, the left mouse
    button moves the center of the map, while movement can be achieved
    with the arrow keys.
    
    Type shift-F12 to take a screenshot (for whatever reason you need
    to; this command was added mainly to provide a couple of sample
    images on the homepage).

Updates:
    v1.1:  Fixed oblong-sized maze to show correctly.
    v1.0:  Numerous fixes, added intro and outro screens and fades, and
           added an option to set maximum exit distance from start.

    v0.6:  Some code cleanup, and fixed jaggies on start and end exit
           texts.
    v0.5:  Added some command-line options and a simple intro screen.
           Also added option to show/hide full maze on map.
    v0.4:  Some minor tweaks; changed ray-casting method to a faster
           routine, according to a tutorial ->
               http://www.permadi.com/tutorial/raycast
           Thanks again to Charles Huber.
    v0.3:  Made different video bit-depths available; randomized
           start/end locations.
    v0.2:  Fixed visual fishbowl distortion; thanks to Charles Huber.
    v0.1:  Initial pre-release.

TODO:
    Add start-screen menu to adjust options.


Questions? Ideas? Comments?
Email: <smckean@yvn.com>
